---
layout: course-review
title: POLIMI GSOM PMP® EXAM PREPARATION COURSE
author: Polimi Graduate School of Management (GSoM POLIMI))
cover: assets/pdf/certificates/management/Polimi GSOM PMP Preparation.pdf
categories: Project-Management
started: 2024-10-04
finished: 2024-10-18
status: Finished
---

The PMP® (Project Management Professional) certification is one of the most recognized qualifications globally, allowing you to demonstrate your ability to manage complex projects with awareness, expertise, and solid experience. This certification, promoted by the [Project Management Institute (PMI)](https://www.pmi.org), validates your skills in project management methodologies and techniques, enabling you to engage with professionals worldwide through a common language and a shared approach.

The PMP Certification Course, offered by [Polimi Graduate School of Management](https://www.gsom.polimi.it/en/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=T2O_POLIMI_SRC_BRAND_EN_ROE&gad_source=1&gad_campaignid=20567071099&gbraid=0AAAAApbBivf9Xhnbo3FxbEpWgQI4JHdB2&gclid=Cj0KCQjww-HABhCGARIsALLO6Xxhg-ZagmubA8OF_947NWR6QQMsACNbRv72C3w3j3jlzBWLObg4JHEaAo5gEALw_wcB), is designed to thoroughly prepare you for the certification exam. The course guides you through the PM BoK® (Body of Knowledge v.7) identified by PMI, covering key methodologies, techniques, and practices in project management. The course lasts 3 days, as it is integrated with the PM Fundamentals / Agile Fundamentals course, which must have been completed within the last 18 months.

Additionally, the course includes exam practice exercises and 6 online tutoring sessions (2 hours each) to support your preparation. This comprehensive approach ensures you are fully prepared to face the exam with confidence and success.

#### Contents & Highlights
People:
- Creating a high performing team
- Keeping the team on track

Process:
- Getting started with the project
- Doing the work

Business Environment: Keeping the Business in Mind.