---
layout: post
title: PolimiRun Winter 2022
date: 2022-11-13 21:09:00
description: 2022 edition of PolimiRun Winter, tge 10 km competitive and non-competitive trail race through the city and hills of Lecco.
tags: PoliMi Sport Run Lecco
categories: Polimi
thumbnail: assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-0.jpeg
images:
  compare: true
  slider: true
---
On Sunday, November 13, 2022, the fourth edition of the [PolimiRun Winter](https://www.sport.polimi.it/eventi/polimirun-winter) powered by adidas Terrex took place in Lecco. The 10 km course began and ended at the [Politecnico di Milano](https://www.polimi.it)'s Lecco Campus, guiding runners through a diverse terrain of urban paths and scenic trails in the northern part of the city. 

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-6.JPG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

The race began and ended at the Lecco Campus of Polimi. What made this event particularly distinct was its **425 meters of elevation gain**, making it not just a race but a true trail challenge. Runners tackled a mixed terrain — paved city streets, forest paths, and rugged uphill tracks — that showcased the natural beauty and architectural harmony of the region. 

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-4.JPG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-1.JPEG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-7.JPG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-3.JPEG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

Open to students, alumni, staff, and the public, the race every year continues Polimi’s tradition of promoting sport as a means of connection, health, and community engagement.

In line with the Politecnico's values, the event emphasized sustainability, from reusable materials and reduced-impact logistics to support for responsible local development.



## Lecco: Lake, Literature and Natural Beauty

Nestled between the shores of Lake Como and the foothills of the Alps, Lecco is renowned for its stunning natural landscapes and rich cultural heritage. The city offers a harmonious blend of historical architecture and modern innovation, making it an ideal location for events like the PolimiRun Winter. Lecco's commitment to sustainability and community engagement reflects the values upheld by the Politecnico di Milano, further enhancing the city's appeal as a hub for academic and recreational activities.

Lecco is closely linked to Italian literature — it's the hometown of **Alessandro Manzoni**, author of **The Betrothed**, a foundational novel of modern Italian culture. The city’s architectural character reflects its layered past, with 19th-century villas, alpine churches, and modern research centers coexisting in harmony.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2022-run-lecco-2.JPG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

For students and researchers of the Politecnico di Milano, Lecco offers a unique academic setting, where engineering innovation meets environmental sustainability. The local Polimi Campus, opened in 2013, is a hub for structural engineering and smart infrastructure, deeply connected to the needs of the local community.