---
layout: post
title: PolimiRun Spring 2023
date: 2023-05-28 21:09:00
description: 2024 edition of PolimiRun, the 10 km urban trail run organized by the Politecnico di Milano, connecting its two Milan campuses and open to all participants.
tags: PoliMi Sport Run Milan
categories: Polimi
thumbnail: assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-2.jpeg
images:
  compare: true
  slider: true
---

[PolimiRun Spring 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgEwpqPjgVQ) offered a range of distances to accommodate participants of all levels. From competitive athletes to recreational runners, the event welcomed everyone with a passion for running and a sense of adventure. The routes, carefully designed to pass through iconic locations of Milan, offered participants the chance to enjoy the city’s architectural marvels, green spaces, and historic districts while staying active.

The race began at [Politecnico di Milano](https://www.polimi.it)’s Leonardo Campus, a familiar hub of student life, and finished at the Bovisa Campus, weaving through the heart of Milan and crossing some of the city's most famous landmarks. The 10 km course offered both a physical challenge and a visual feast of the city’s stunning urban landscape, allowing participants to experience Milan in a way few ever get to see. As runners crossed the city, participants experienced the contrast between Milan's historic areas and its contemporary architectural designs. From bustling urban spaces to more peaceful green spots, the route perfectly illustrated Milan’s blend of modernity and tradition.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-2.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

While the event attracted seasoned runners aiming for their personal bests, PolimiRun remains a race that fosters inclusivity. The atmosphere was one of camaraderie, as participants of all levels took part — from competitive athletes to casual joggers. For many, it was less about speed and more about embracing the Polimi spirit, celebrating the joy of movement, and promoting a healthy lifestyle. Runners enjoyed a warm, supportive environment, where they were cheered on by the enthusiastic crowd of friends, family, and fellow participants. The event underlined Polimi’s commitment to well-being as a vital component of its academic community, supporting a balanced approach to university life that encourages both intellectual and physical development.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-3.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-1.JPG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-4.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-5.JPG" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/poli/sport/2023-run-milano-6.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

The finish line marked not just the completion of a race but a celebration of personal achievement. Participants were greeted with refreshments, a chance to cool down, and, most importantly, a sense of accomplishment shared with thousands of others who had participated in the run.

PolimiRun 2023 was, as every year, an integral part of Milan’s spring season, contributing to the city’s vibrant sporting culture. Beyond the physical benefits of running, the event helped strengthen ties within the Polimi community and showcased Milan’s exceptional urban design and scenic spots. Whether you were taking part in the run, cheering on participants, or simply enjoying the atmosphere, PolimiRun was an unforgettable celebration of movement, friendship, and wellness.

